 <article> <h1>How to Read the Documentation</h1> <p>Zephyr is designed to extend the functionality of <span id="compatibility" class="nightly">PixiJS</span>,
 rather
 than wrapping it so that you can always use Pixi without Zephyr.</p> <p>The <span class="return">Return</span> line below the function indicates the object type that is returned.
 </p> <p>The <span class="nightly">Nightly</span> features can only be found in the current nightly version of Zephyr.
 Consider trying it out, and letting us know of any bugs you find!</p> <p>The <span class="deprecated">Deprecated</span> features are set to be removed in the next stable release.</p> <br> <h2>PIXI.Zephyr</h2> <dl> <dt>PIXI.Zephyr.useKeys()</dt> <dd>Sets up the key tracking system for use</dd> <dt>PIXI.Zephyr.useMouse()</dt> <dd>Sets up the mouse tracking system for use</dd> <dd><span class="warning">NOTE</span>: Please make sure you call PIXI.Mouse.setContainer() with an appended
 element afterward!</dd> <dt>PIXI.Zephyr.useAudio()</dt> <dd>Sets up the WebAudio API for Pixi-style usage</dd> <dt>PIXI.Zephyr.useFile()</dt> <dd>Sets up the File reading/writing system</dd> </dl> <br> <h2>PIXI.Keys</h2> <p>keyName is a string that is returned by keyboardEvent.code. Check out the <a
 href="https://zephyrjs.netlify.app/keyname">Key Namer</a> to get specific key names.</p> <dl> <dt>PIXI.Keys.down(keyName)</dt> <dd>Returns true if the key is actively pressed down.</dd> <dd class="return">Boolean</dd> <dt>PIXI.Keys.fired(keyName)</dt> <dd>Returns true if this is the first time the key value has been accessed since the key has been pressed.
 </dd> <dd class="return">Boolean</dd> </dl> <br> <h2 id="PIXI.Mouse">PIXI.Mouse</h2> <p>For button-related functions, the button names are 'Primary', 'Middle', and 'Secondary'</p> <dl> <dt>PIXI.Mouse.setContainer(domElement)</dt> <dd>What the mouse’s coordinates should be scaled according to (Generally, this should be your Pixi
 app.view).
 </dd> <dd class="warning"><strong>NOTE</strong>: Please ensure that this element has already been appended to the
 DOM.
 As of version 23.1, calling this method with an unappended element will fail with a console error about
 using an "invalid element".</dd> <dt>PIXI.Mouse.down([mouse button])</dt> <dd>Returns true if the button is actively pressed down.</dd> <dd class="return">Boolean</dd> <dt>PIXI.Mouse.fired(mouseEvent.button)</dt> <dd>Returns true if this is the first time the button value has been accessed since the button has been
 pressed.
 </dd> <dd class="return">Boolean</dd> <dt>PIXI.Mouse.x</dt> <dd>The last seen mouse X coordinate, scaled to the mouseContainer horizontally from left to right.</dd> <dd class="return">Number</dd> <dt>PIXI.Mouse.y</dt> <dd>The last seen mouse Y coordinate, scaled to the mouseContainer vertically from top to bottom.</dd> <dd class="return">Number</dd> </dl> <br> <h2>PIXI.Audio</h2> <dl> <dt>PIXI.Audio.from(src)</dt> <dd>Returns a "Pixi Audio" object. These can have .play() called on them to play their sound.</dd> <dd class="return">Pixi Audio object</dd> </dl> <br> <h2>PIXI.File</h2> <dl> <dt>PIXI.File.write(object, fileName)</dt> <dd>Converts the passed object into JSON and prompting the user to download the resulting fileName.json</dd> <dt>PIXI.File.open()</dt> <dd>Prompts the user to select a file, which it then attempts to parse as JSON and return</dd> <dd class="return">Object</dd> </dl> <br> <h2>PIXI.collision</h2> <dl> <dt>PIXI.collision.aabb(Sprite, Sprite)</dt> <dd>Checks if the two provided Sprites are colliding with the aabb algorithm - NOTE: Both a and b are
 formatted
 as javascript objects with x, y, width, and height, and optionally anchor positions.</dd> <dd class="return">Boolean</dd> <dt>PIXI.collision.radius(Sprite, Sprite)</dt> <dd>Checks if the two provided Sprites are colliding with the standard point-radius method of circle
 collision -
 NOTE: Both a and b are formatted as javascript objects with x, y, and r, and optionally anchor
 positions.
 </dd> <dd class="return">Boolean</dd> </dl> <br> <h2>PIXI.utils</h2> <dl> <dt>PIXI.utils.requestFullScreen(domElement)</dt> <dd>The element passed in (typically use the Application view) will attempt to go fullscreen</dd> </dl> <h2>Added Functions</h2> <dl> <dt>PIXI.clamp(x, min, max)</dt> <dd>Returns the value of x if it is between the bounds of min and max, or the closest bound if x is outside
 </dd> <dd class="return">Number</dd> <dt>PIXI.mix(a, b, m)</dt> <dd>Linearly interpolate between values a and b</dd> <dd class="return">Number</dd> <dt>PIXI.rand(min, max)</dt> <dd>Generates a random integer between min and max, inclusive</dd> <dd class="return">Number</dd> </dl> </article> 